Oh, Master Huang is really
I don't know when I got into a fake room
This doesn't mean anything.
Uh, no, that's right.
This, this Master Huang is also a victim
This is not to mention
There is only one swallow skin in this box.
Everything else is true.
It's also priceless
The others are also swallow skins.
How about I prove it to you?
Damn you, you can't die until you reach the Yellow River, right?
Okay, I will compare with you today.
Let's compare
See what's the most valuable thing in this room
Let's compare eyesight
If I lose to you
I will never go to the door of his Feng family
My son's marriage to Feng Xinxue is over
OK, that's a deal.
Don't don't don't
Master Huang
You see, we're going to be married soon.
You can't take it too seriously.
We broke up, didn't we?
how
You don't trust
I think I'm going to lose to this kid
Oh no no no no no
Boy, although my two sons lost to you
But today
I'll show you the true heritage of our royal family
Okay, I hit two small ones.
Now an old one
today
I'll give your family a neat version of Tang
Now that I've said that
Let's do it. Wait.
Feng Xixue knows the bridge
They are likely to have an affair
He has to get out. I'm not as mean as you guys
Flower heart has me here
Then be careful
Let's start, I'll let you go first